that was unique about what I've
installed there I've got a camera here
and it shows the back of the boot
but I'm going to rest right in the
v-groove that we made for our tile
connection and now I'm just going to
watch that till it just
there it's right on the bottom now we're
gonna hit lay mode
now it just calculated the entire line
that we're gonna install
that's gonna maintain it optimum depth
that I asked it to
now the really unique thing about the
wolf parallel leg plow is you look here
we've got slope of 307 and the slope on
the attitude is 307 so whatever the
slope changes the attitude cylinders
were matched that same slope the
advantage to that is is that as we're
tiling we've always got back pressure on
the back of that boot and we're always
cutting the groove for that tile that's
super important
another big advantage is when the
machine breaks the other way the
attitude of the plow the very point of
the plow would never get higher or lower
than the back end if it did that we'd
have a hump on our tile the attitude
keeps that point always up in a positive
mode that's what makes the paralleling
plow I feel the best plow in the world
to do the best job you can possibly do
so you can see we're maintaining three
and a half foot deep
sloper running at about four seven and
then the 3:06 box that's where running
also